Job Description

Seeking a new job opportunity? Don’t miss this role! Doherty Staffing Solutions is currently partnering with a leading granite manufacturer located in Cold Spring, MN. We work one-on-one with great candidates to help connect them with local employment opportunities. This company is hiring CNC Machine Operators on the 2nd shift. Hours are 3:15pm-2:45am, Monday through Wednesday, and 3:15pm-10:45pm on Thursdays. Overtime opportunities are available as needed. Compensation for these temp-to-hire positions is $19.00 per hour, plus a $1.00 shift differential. Interested? Get more details below!

What You Will Do As a CNC Machine Operator

Load and unload saws with an overhead crane or by hand
Read production tickets to determine work to be completed
Index the saw blades to the correct sizes and dimensions based on the stone being cut
Load pre-programmed profiles from the network
Perform operator-level calibration and alignment of the saws
Create cutting and profile programs for all of the saws using AutoCAD
Monitor the saw during operation to make adjustments and corrections 
Troubleshoot cutting problems that periodically arise
Label all cut pieces with the correct job ID number 
Verify work quality by applying patterns and measuring stone

What You Need To Be a CNC Machine Operator

Ability to read a tape measure
Possess general computer skills and math skills
Strong attention to detail or hobbies that involve being detail oriented i.e. carpentry, mechanics, etc. 
Willing to wear protective safety shoes, glasses, and hearing protection
Ability to lift up to 50 pounds occasionally with or without reasonable accommodations
Willing to work in multiple areas, work together as a team
Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills

Boost your wallet at a new job working with a great team…apply now! Click APPLY NOW to complete our mobile-friendly, online application. For questions or further information about the CNC Machine Operator positions, please contact our St. Cloud jobs office directly at (320) 253-4473 or email dss_stcloud@doherty.com.

As an equal opportunity employer, Doherty Staffing Solutions welcomes candidates of all backgrounds and experiences to apply. If this position sounds like the right opportunity for you, we encourage you to take the next step and connect with us. We look forward to meeting you!

Bonu$e$ on Demand; $100 Referral Rewards Now Streaming! | www.doherty.jobs/refer